make intro and code appendix more language agnostic (#505)
worldbank/dime-data-handbook: auxiliary/stata-guide.tex

\section{Using the code examples in this book}

> Providing some standardization to Stata code style
> is also a goal of our team.
> Stata is one of several programming languages used at DIME,
> but since it exists fewer good resources based on Stata,
> we decided to use Stata for our examples in this book.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Providing some standardization for Stata code style
is also a goal of our team.
Stata is one of several programming languages used at DIME,
but since few high-quality resources based on Stata exist
relative to its importance and frequency of use,
we decided to use Stata for the examples in this book.
```
